# Meeting Notes

The following are notes from our meetings.
They have been transcribed from our notion workspace.

---

## Meeting 1

**About**: Project\
**When**: Sep 11, 2020 3:00 PM-5:00 PM\
**Where**: Zoom

### What did we do?

- Introduced ourselves
- Looked over and discussed the specification PDF
- Asked Nasser for clarification
- Created the Team agreement:

    [SE206 Team Agreement Assignment Three.docx](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iHnqkUxXZ5nwGrZt8v9a7rf-1rupNNpR/view?usp=drivesdk)
    
- Created the github repository
- Showed each other our implementations of assignment 2 and discussed certain implementation points like:
    - Using Scenebuilder and FXML for the GUI
    - Using JSON for the saving data format
- Decided to use Hiruna's assignment 2 implementation as a base for assignment 3

### What do we need to do?

- [x]  Hear back from Nasser about how much is expected by a "prototype"

---

## Meeting 2

**About**: Project\
**When**: Sep 14, 2020 3:00 PM-4:20 PM\
**Where**: Zoom

### Discuss

- [x]  Nasser's reply

### What did we do?

- Decide on what we want to have done by the end of the week
- Split the workload
- Put all tasks into a Kanban board

---

## Meeting 3

**About**: Project\
**When**: Sep 21, 2020 3:00 PM-4:00 PM\
**Where**: Zoom

Change the title to include the date.

### What happened last week?

- Finished the basic parts the main module
- Finished the practice modules

---

## Meeting 4

**About**: Project\
**When**: Sep 28, 2020 3:00 PM-4:00 PM\
**Where**: Zoom

### What did we do?

- Discuss the "Markdown Wiki"
- Discussed Mockups

Johnathan's Mockups
![Johnathan's Mockup](images/meeting-4-johnathan-mockup.png)

Hiruna's Mockup ([Figma Link](https://www.figma.com/proto/4wu1euWu51nUSHItEzbF06/Quinzical-Mockup?node-id=1%3A2&scaling=min-zoom))

- Decided on Johnathan's third mock up.

### What do we need to do

- Meet up at 3pm Thursday

---

## Meeting 5

**About**: Presentation\
**When**: Oct 6, 2020 3:00 PM\
**Where**: Zoom

### Details

- Presentation booked at 12:15 Friday 9th October with Client 3
- Marking guide:
[https://canvas.auckland.ac.nz/courses/47834/files/5557493/download?wrap=1](https://canvas.auckland.ac.nz/courses/47834/files/5557493/download?wrap=1)
- 7 minutes presentation
- 3 minutes questions afterwards

### To Do:

- [x]  Discuss what kind of presentation we need to make
    - Is it like a hackathon - pitch to "investors"?
    - Maybe ask on Piazza?
- [x]  Discuss what presentation software to use
    - **Google Slides**
    - Canva
    - Latex/Pandoc
    - Libreoffice Draw
    - Calligra Stage
    - mdxDeck
- [x]  Discuss who says what
- [ ]  Maybe write script

[https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14W3c-o1HXVLWO1M-zpYGSBavzgzanDogrgdYRUNlvlw/edit#slide=id.p](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14W3c-o1HXVLWO1M-zpYGSBavzgzanDogrgdYRUNlvlw/edit#slide=id.p)

### What are we going to do

- Script
    - Hiruna will cover Games Module
    - Hiruna will do the settings page
    - Johnathan will cover Practice Module
    - Justify Design Decisions
    - Johnathan shows team agreement
    - Talk about how the workload was spit
- Clarify questions:
    - What is "Error tolerance"
- Have another meeting on Thursday

---

## Meeting 6

**About**: Presentation\
**When**: Oct 8, 2020 2:30 PM\
**Where**: In-Person

### Presentation Slides

[https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14W3c-o1HXVLWO1M-zpYGSBavzgzanDogrgdYRUNlvlw/edit#slide=id.g53bc51ca17_0_65](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14W3c-o1HXVLWO1M-zpYGSBavzgzanDogrgdYRUNlvlw/edit#slide=id.g53bc51ca17_0_65)

### Presentation Plan

#### Games module

We need to test:

- Answering correctly
- Answering incorrectly in the same category
- A question in a different category

Display TTS functionality
Display reward screen

#### Practice module

Test:

- Answering correctly - Replay functionality
- Answering incorrectly in the same category - Show hint on third
- A question in a different category

Show audio settings

#### Design

[https://design.firefox.com/photon/visuals/color.html](https://design.firefox.com/photon/visuals/color.html)

#### Error tolerance

Disabled elements do nothing when clicked on

#### Notion?

#### Team Agreement:

[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iHnqkUxXZ5nwGrZt8v9a7rf-1rupNNpR/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iHnqkUxXZ5nwGrZt8v9a7rf-1rupNNpR/view?usp=sharing)

---

## Meeting 7

**About**: Project\
**When**: Oct 12, 2020 10:30 PM-11:30 PM\
**Where**: Zoom

### What happened last week?

- We did the presentation.

### What are we doing this week?

- Getting ready to work on our submission for assignment 4

### What do we need to do?

- Add a proper font
- Allow the user to select the categories for the main module
- Timer
- Ability to add new questions
- Ability to practice questions that they previously got wrong

---

## Meeting 8

**About**: Project\
**When**: Oct 22, 2020 12:00 AM\
**Where**: Zoom

### What do we need to do?

- Do most of the remaining functionality by Monday
- Submissions due by Friday next week

---

## Meeting 9

**About**: Project\
**When**: Oct 26, 2020 9:45 PM\
**Where**: Zoom

### What do we need to do?

Implement all of the remaining things
